NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/response-summary.adoc

[[response-time-summary-report]]
= Response Time Summary Report

== Report Content
This report provides a summary of the response time for nodes whose category matches the specified Surveillance Category over the specified time period.

This report can be customized with a company logo in the header and footer that is approximately 195px by 50px.
// QUESTION:  THE Response Time Summary Report and the Response Time by Node Report look like they are providing the same information.  I am sure this is not true, but I cannot identify the differences.  The summaries in the app are identical.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3,4"]

|===
| Field
| Type
| Description
| Default

| Surveillance Category
| String

> | Identify the category of data for this availability report. Standard values include: "Routers", "Switches", "Servers", "Production", "Test" and "Development".  Users can add custom categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Identify a category to filter nodes to be included in the report.
If no categories match the entered string, the report will have not data.
```

Author: ```suggestion
| Identify a category to filter nodes to be included in the report.
If not categories match the entered string, the report will not have data.
```

| %
// COMMENT: The default should probably be set to "Routers" like the Availability Summary.

| Report Time Range
| Integer
| The range in days from the report start date. Must be an integer.
| 7

| Start Date
| Date
| The starting date for the data contained in this report.
| Today - 7 days

| Report Format
| Choice

> | Dropown menu with a choice of PDF or CSV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dropdown menu with a choice of PDF or CSV
```

[[response-time-summary-report]]
= Response Time Summary Report

> == Report Content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

[[response-time-summary-report]]
= Response Time Summary Report

> This report has a table for each matching surveillance category that contains the devices and a row for  each IP interface the minimum, average, and maximum ICMP latency of the period of the report. For each device in the tables, there is a stacked bar chart that shows the availability and outage time in seconds for that device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report has a table for each surveillance category that contains the matching nodes.
For each IP interface, the minimum, average, and maximum ICMP latency are displayed.
Availability and outage times are also displayed for each node.
```

You can customize this report with a company logo (approximately 195px by 50px) in the header and footer.

== Parameters

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2,3"]

|===
| Field
| Description
| Default

| Surveillance Category

> | Identify one or more surveillance categories to filter nodes to be included in the report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Identify one or more surveillance categories to filter nodes to include in the report.
```
